Theme Tune: [Music]
Kevin: Hello farmers, and welcome to another episode of the harvest season. My name is Kevin
Nama: And my name is Nami.
Kevin: And we are here today to talk about
Kevin: Kirby, I want to talk about
Nama: Yeah, what?
Nama: Hi!
Nama: Boyo!
Kevin: Anyways, yes cottage organs. That's what we're contractually obligated, but but we're in the okay well first of all, hi now
Kevin: And they're welcome back to back.
Kevin: Look at that, it's a little treat for the audiences.
Nama: Yeah
Nama: It's a bit of a surprise. I didn't think they would ask me back
Kevin: Well, now it keeps having me on, so, you know, the bars, the bar is lower than the floor.
Nama: Yeah, I'm just one wrong above you
Kevin: But yeah, hello listeners. Hello, everyone. No, no, no big topic, I didn't have time to think what we
Kevin: God is where we're just going to news it up.
Kevin: Um, just just chatting. Um, all right, but before that, we're getting into all the wonderful news.
Kevin: Uh, Naomi, what's what's going on? Tell me about things.
Nama: Well, did you ever watch Peanut Butter Gamer, the YouTuber, from Like?
Kevin: I do love PPG, is this old? I find it very amusing. Yes, I'm fond of PPG.
Nama: - Yeah, he stuck around for a good while.
Kevin: Has he stopped? Okay. Okay. Okay.
Nama: Back, no, he's still going, yeah.
Nama: When Skyward Sword was coming out,
Nama: he declared November to be Zelda Month
Nama: and he uploaded four videos, four Zelda videos,
Nama: and then he kept that going for a little while.
Nama: He stopped eventually, but still,
Nama: you'll see like little peaks above the ground
Nama: and oh, it's Zelda Month, I'm gonna play a Zelda game
Nama: and I'm playing a Zelda game.
Nama: I'm playing two, last time I came on,
Nama: I talked about, because of wisdom a little bit
Nama: and I rolled credits on that game.
Kevin: Oh, I still need to play that, but yeah.
Nama: And since then, I have gone back to the Nintendo Switch
Nama: 2 edition of Breath of the Wild.
Nama: I started a master mode play-through
Nama: back when the Switch 2 launched in June
Nama: and I'm picking up the where I left off
Nama: and I'm hopefully going to finish that up
Nama: before the end of the month.
Nama: Time's running out, I got like a week left.
Kevin: Okay. Well. Oh, yeah, I guess it is. Well, that's gonna be hard. We got turkey day. So
Kevin: but good luck to you, but
Kevin: Okay, how is well you're playing on switch to my presume?
Nama: Yes.
Kevin: Did you get the upgrade pack or or is it just the drawn enhancements?
Nama: Now the upgrade pack is free for NSO subscribers.
Kevin: Oh
Kevin: Okay, okay. That's nice. That's good
Kevin: All right. How how is it? How is the house note taking and all that? All right, I can't remember what it is
Nama: Sure. Yeah, they're okay. So first of all, the visual enhancements. Wow. I don't notice it as much
Kevin: Taking in that. I don't know. Right.
Nama: right now. But when I first turned it on back in June, like playing the OG game to playing
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Wow.
Nama: this game, whether you're a doctor handheld, it's like put it on glasses for the first time. It's
Nama: like, whoa, like, I just, I can't imagine going back to what it used to be, even though I can't
Nama: remember it and that's not to say that it looked bad before.
Kevin: hmm yeah oh that sounds nice
Nama: But it's really, really poppin'. It controls real fluid, you know, it's a joy to play.
Nama: But I have come to really enjoy the app that they put out.
Kevin: Hmm. No, okay. I mean, yeah, I guess this is a good one for that because you can have so many loose threads going or, or, you know, things you're thinking about. You want to jot them down. That makes sense.
Nama: So, in the Nintendo Switch Online app, I guess it's called Nintendo Switch app now, there
Nama: is a little page for Zelda Notes and it works for both Breath of the Wild and Tuesday
Nama: the Kingdom Switch 2 editions and it knows when you're playing, you have to be online
Nama: to use it and it checks your Nintendo Switch profile and it's like, "Oh, you're connected,
Nama: know you're playing.
Nama: And you can do a few things with the app, there is
Nama: Item storage, which is pretty neat.
Kevin: On the app, what what what does that mean?
Nama: Yes, so I can go into my key items
Nama: and I can select upload or deposit is what they say.
Nama: And you can go to your weapons or your bows,
Nama: your shields, some of your ingredients,
Nama: and you can select up to 10 items a day
Nama: to deposit into your app.
Nama: And, uh...
Nama: You can then withdraw items from your app as well.
Nama: So all of my good stuff, or all of my not so good stuff, I put into the app.
Nama: And then whenever I'm like really empty or running low, I don't feel like I have to hoard too many things.
Nama: Because I can hoard them on the mobile app.
Kevin: Encom. Right. That's, that's interesting. I guess there's two things. One, it bottles my mind
Nama: And it's pretty nice.
Kevin: an Nintendo game having this level of capabilities with another, you know, another device over
Kevin: an online functionality. Um, so we got that. But second, like, I'm just thinking, because this is
Kevin: right. I mean, going back to the, I guess 10 year old debate at this point of, I know, item
Kevin: weapon durability, right? Like that's, that's like on the one hand, it's nice to have stored
Kevin: on the other hand, the games also design for you just keep just going through your stuff. But I
Kevin: guess just having a, yeah, literally stuff in your back pocket, basically. Um, and I guess that's
Kevin: nice. You can, you can store your really nice weapons there for that boss fight, I guess. I don't know.
Nama: There's a few little things.
Kevin: But that's cool.
Nama: Oh, yeah, there's a few little things in the app.
Kevin: Yeah.
Nama: Like there's a daily bonus where you can just spin a dial
Nama: and it get a view like, "Oh, a speed boost for 24 hours,"
Nama: not for a full 24 hours,
Nama: but you'll get a 10 minute speed boost
Nama: and that's your bonus for the day,
Nama: or you'll get a defense boost
Nama: and that's your bonus for the day.
Nama: There, it tracks all your play data.
Nama: So there's achievements in the app.
Nama: stuff like, how many.
Nama: weapons you've collected or how many he knocks as you've defeated.
Kevin: Ooh, that's dangerous.
Nama: Yeah, and you can make them bronze silver gold and platinum, right?
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, there's your reason to get it, I guess.
Nama: So like this, if you're, if you're a chaser for that stuff, it's all in there.
Nama: It shows you all of the hours that you've put in across all your save files, that's not related
Nama: but you can have a second save file on the switch to edition.
Nama: There's global play data, so you can compare your stats with other people's stats.
Nama: Then the two big things, I mentioned one of them first.
Nama: There's a navigation app where you, it's basically the IGN map of but official.
Kevin: Mm-hmm Yeah, yeah, yeah, I remember that. Yeah
Nama: It shows you all the shrines that you haven't found.
Nama: them. Cora.
Nama: You can see the box that you haven't found and you can toggle these to turn off and on. Yes, you can have this map leads you to all 900 corks. All the side quests, all the memories. Yeah, and it has like it's so helpful enough. It has Google maps on it like you you can select one. Yeah, yeah, yeah, well.
Kevin: Wait, even Quarox, whoa!
Kevin: Wow, wow, wow, that's like the cheat code mode.
Kevin: That's crazy.
Kevin: OK, wow.
Kevin: The topography?
Kevin: Oh, my goodness.
Nama: Not not quite the topography. It will show where you are on the map and where the thing you're looking for is. But if you activate voice guidance, they'll be like Siri or something that that will say make a like go north, go northwest. You need to descend. You need to double check your direction and it eventually guides you there. And oh, there's the corak.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, oh yeah, remember that.
Kevin: Yeah, okay.
Nama: The first thing in this is kind of the beefy thing. It's the voice memories.
Nama: Prince is Zelda has a bunch of audio lines recorded. There are a hundred and there's a hundred and twenty five little voice memories. And all it is is flavor text and it is really, really, really nice. You'll come to like an abandoned village that you really wouldn't pay much attention to in like the base game.
Nama: But then your voice may
Nama: will pop and Zelda will start talking about what it used to be. And yeah, it's really nice. Yes,
Kevin: Oh, that's so cool. Audio tour.
Nama: it's an audio tour of the whole map. There's there's multiples points in the towns. That's like
Kevin: That's crazy cool.
Nama: where most of them are deposited. But like I said, there's a bunch of ruins that it will cover
Nama: some shrine locations that she talks about. Some like highly in rights of passage.
Nama: Like, oh, this is where people would jump off a cliff. It's it's really nice. And the
Kevin: [laughs]
Nama: tears of the kingdom one has even more of that because it's not just Zelda, but it's also Rauru.
Nama: And I think Minaru. Yeah, I don't know the third one. But yeah, I'm looking forward to
Kevin: What that's so cool
Nama: getting into tears of the kingdom for those. So the app has really, really like breathed
Nama: some new life into the game. And my my closing remark on it is that it's kind of a we use
Nama: situation where I've got a second screen.
Kevin: That's pretty cool. That's pretty cool.
Nama: So you're coming at me at the tail end of my journey.
Nama: I've got about 20 voice memories to find.
Nama: About 15 of them are all inside of Hyrule Castle.
Kevin: Okay. Yeah.
Nama: I just need to do basically a boss rush.
Nama: I've been saving all the temples,
Nama: all of the divine beasts for last.
Nama: So I'm gonna do like one a day
Nama: and then close up the game.
Kevin: Wow, that's how that's so fast me and so
Kevin: Just think about the voice log thing is that I you're right that that sounds very cool to me
Kevin: Like I know her
Kevin: Our Patricia Somerset. That's the Zelda's actor name
Kevin: Like I know her performance has been divisive because the accent I guess or whatever
Kevin: But I've learned to grow fond of it
Kevin: I've grown attached to it and anyway
Kevin: I think part of it is Patricia Summers said she's quite a charming person and really funny, especially about Zelda stuff online. So that's so cool. Just
Kevin: Hours of more Patricia Summers ain't kind of that's great. I love that. Cool. Cool. That's so cool. That is that sounds way more rude. Yeah. That sounds way more robust than I expected.
Nama: Yeah, I agree with everything you said.
Nama: Yeah, it really has extended the game.
Nama: Like I didn't know how much would be there for me,
Nama: but like even if I queued up my old save file
Kevin: Yeah.
Nama: and ran around, it would have been nice.
Nama: And you can do one of two things, right?
Nama: You can turn on the Google map
Nama: and just have it lead you to every single voice point.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. That's cool.
Nama: or you can open just the voice memories.
Nama: And then it will ping the same way that your shrine thing will ping, so if you're walking about, it'll say, "Hey, there's a voice memory nearby, you want to find it yourself?"
Nama: And so it will give you that option of whether you want to have it be shown to you or if you want to find it.
Kevin: Yeah, that's right. I think the play oh, I'm thinking should I restart or should I just
Kevin: Just play the just go find the corox and fill on all the voice logs there that the map on
Nama: [laughs]
Nama: Yeah, that's the thing is if you have your old say file,
Nama: you can like, well, it's time to 100% this,
Nama: it's time to finish it up.
Kevin: And if you did the DLC you get the bike so you can you know go that way
Nama: Yeah, right.
Kevin: Yeah, all right cool very very cool
Kevin: Wow, that is really the fresh new breath breathing life
Kevin: very well, very cool. Alright, what else, what is with us going on?
Nama: Well, the only other thing I'll share is it's kind of a tease
Nama: But I just bought the magic of the gathering
Nama: Avatar the last airbender beginner box. I have never
Kevin: Okay
Nama: I've never played magic. I learned how to play like 12 years ago, but I have retained none of that
Nama: I'm probably gonna open it up right when we're done recording. It's there's no packs in it. It's just like eight many days
Kevin: Oh, it's all they have one of those. Those are fun. It's like or generally they call it jumpstart packs
Kevin: I think this is what it is. I don't know if that's within this box, but if it's a beginner box
Kevin: I think that's what it is like packs that you can kind of shuffle up and mix into different decks like mini decks
Nama: Now let me slap you the link and then you can see what's in there.
Kevin: Yeah, I think that I'm gonna guess that's it is okay. So you've played
Kevin: You're from a PTCD, of course.
Kevin: The faint, tiniest toe dip in the magic, apparently, and then going back.
Kevin: Do you play any other card games?
Kevin: I'm just trying to get the frame of reference here.
Nama: Um, no, not really.
Kevin: Now, okay.
Kevin: Well, hey, that's cool.
Kevin: Magic is fun.
Kevin: It's a good game.
Kevin: It's a pity.
Kevin: It's, you know, it costs like literally arm and legs to play, but obviously you did the greenhouse
Kevin: that's out now already.
Kevin: I'd not listened yet, but so you're a big avatar, Fanny.
Nama: Yeah, yeah. It's one of my primary interests. I try to keep up with the novels, the graphic novels,
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Nah.
Nama: I was following pretty heavily for a while. I need to catch up with about half of them at this point,
Kevin: Okay, very okay. Okay. All right. I'm looking here. Um, the, uh, uh, uh, uh, sorry, I'm looking at the product description. Yeah. Yeah. Jumpstart packs. That's what it is. They're like, I had two half decks. They're like 40 instead of the 60 card. But anyways, you, you know, pick two, you shuffle them up and play. And it's fun. It's a little variety because you can make some match between the different packs. So that's very cool. I didn't know they did one for Avatar specifically.
Nama: seeing everything, watching everything. I love it.
Nama: I think it's just the second one that they've done in terms of beginner boxes
Kevin: Um, yeah. I think so. They did one for what's called foundations. I remember, um, but, yeah, that's cool. Um,
Nama: Yes, yeah
Nama: It's funny. I own two magic things in there both beginner boxes because I somebody somebody gifted me the foundations box
Kevin: Do well.
Nama: And it has been sitting on my shelf unwrapped so maybe this'll get me to open up the other one
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah. There you go. Hey, and then you can just splash them in with these decks too. Very cool. Yeah.
Nama: That's true. I could I could really
Nama: get acclimated to to it all.
Kevin: Yeah. Um, radical. Okay. So, okay. You have the, you didn't open it. Have you bought any other packs? Uh, no.
Nama: No, like I said, this is a very boring, what are you doing?
Nama: Because I haven't yet begun my adventure, but I've, yep.
Kevin: Okay, okay. I get you. I get you. Well, I mean, have you looked at any of the cards?
Kevin: Have you seen any art like obviously you're excited but okay
Nama: Yes, I have, I have my brother bought a box and he ripped it and he showed me the stuff inside.
Nama: He showed me some gold, some, some, some rares, some, what's the one above rare?
Kevin: Oh, snap.
Kevin: I don't know. They have so many berries or whatever. Mythics? Mythics? Yeah, I think so. Yeah, yeah.
Nama: the red one.
Nama: Yeah, he showed me a couple of mythics.
Nama: The art is really good.
Nama: I'm glad that they didn't just go with, I'm glad they didn't just go with the standard snap shots
Kevin: For the most part.
Nama: from the show or anything like that.
Kevin: Well, well you say that butt butt. Do you know what I'm referencing?
Nama: No, I don't show which card is it? I'll look it up.
Kevin: Okay, so all right, okay. No, okay, so there are these packs called collector packs or collector boosters
Kevin: Those are they have they're just filled to the brim with rarities and yada yada
Kevin: That's where the really expensive stuff is pulled from these collector boxes, okay
Nama: Ah, wonderful.
Kevin: They're insanely expensive.
Kevin: The MSRP for a pack of 12 is three, four hundred, it's stupid, it's stupid.
Kevin: It's like 40 bucks for a pack MSRP.
Kevin: Anyways, well, putting that aside, again, magic money problems are either, but so specifically
Kevin: for this set, for the Avatar set, they released, I forget what it is, but they released
Kevin: a set of full art cards of just, they're literally just screen captures from the show.
Kevin: And they did one for every episode, yeah, which is kind of cool, but the only like asterisk,
Kevin: I think, they're kind of low resolution and don't look great, a lot of them look kind of blurry,
Kevin: it's very weird, but you know, you can take a look for yourself, I have to look up what
Kevin: they're called, I forget, but yeah, it's a very interesting, yeah.
Nama: Oh, okay. I'm looking at some of them now. Yeah, they are low-resolution.
Kevin: Okay, yeah, it's so, it's so baffling, like I could take a better resolution, I think, you know,
Kevin: my computer.
Nama: I think it has something to do with the fact that these episodes just were never like
Nama: it HD to begin with.
Kevin: maybe. Yeah. I guess. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, look over those collector cards. The big
Nama: They're on blue right now, but they were drawn for a square aspect ratio.
Kevin: money ones. So what is it? Okay. You know, the the intro everyone knows the intro, right
Kevin: earth, water, fire, yada, yada. They basically did those for, you know, that very stylistic
Kevin: art, they did a version of that kind of, I'll try to.
Kevin: But they did one for each of the four tribes, and those are the big money ones.
Kevin: They, I think, they're worth $2,000 plus each, um, something ridiculous like that.
Nama: Wow. I'm just visiting. I don't need to I don't need to stay in this hobby.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The collector's booster box. That's where things get wild.
Kevin: Um, but, but anyways, but yeah. Um, overall, I haven't bought any, uh, avatar, but I, I've
Kevin: great things like, uh, people with mechanically gameplay wise, it's, it's very fun. Um,
Kevin: very, you know, four different colors and, and it just translates easily into the game
Kevin: from mechanics and stuff. Um, so very cool. Oh my gosh, you, you know, what's one of the
Kevin: funniest, uh, possibly the best card in the whole game. What would you guess, uh, in the, in this
Kevin: set? What would you guess what character or, or, or creature or just take a guess? What do you
Nama: I'll stay basic and say like Avatar dang or something like that, yeah.
Kevin: I think would be one of the best.
Kevin: Yeah, you'd think so, right?
Kevin: Apparently the feedback most people think, badgermole cub.
Kevin: That is one of the best cards.
Kevin: I don't know why or how, but badgermole cub is apparently breaking, going to break the game or
Nama: I'll look at the art at least. I can't mention the gameplay.
Kevin: reas already doing so.
Kevin: I love Avatar The Last Airbender.
Kevin: Here it is, I found the art, okay, I'll try to share the art with you.
Kevin: But I love Avatar, I love card games in general.
Kevin: Oh, can I, I don't know how, you know, I got to send it to you on Discord, it's not
Kevin: opening on the chat, anyways, oh, oh, okay, you are badgermole cub, no, I'm talking about
Nama: No, I I'm looking at the card right now
Nama: Yep
Kevin: The pretty art one.
Kevin: Here I'll show you what I'm saying anyway.
Nama: Oh, sure sure
Kevin: But anyways, yeah.
Kevin: So I'm glad you get to play the universe is beyond stuff.
Kevin: It's really tricky and magic.
Kevin: It's a touchy subject because it's so bloated with it.
Kevin: But the avatar stuff fits in well.
Nama: Yeah, it seems like it really fits it like a glove, you know, like it's a real good match better match than Spider-Man anyway
Kevin: I think a lot of people are happy with it.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Oh, absolutely.
Kevin: Absolutely.
Kevin: This set gets the property.
Kevin: It's gotten proper loving care.
Kevin: So very cool for you.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: You know, it's crazy though.
Kevin: They didn't do any quora.
Kevin: No quora whatsoever.
Nama: Well, Kevin, that's a whole other set.
Kevin: I mean, maybe they'll save it for a later set.
Nama: Like that's like for next year.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kevin: OK, all right, I'll save people.
Kevin: OK, keep going on about magic because it's nonsense.
Kevin: But anyways, all right, yeah.
Nama: Well, yeah, I wanted to bring it up because I know you
Kevin: Oh, yeah, I do.
Kevin: Well, I mean, card games in general, that's my vice.
Kevin: OK, cool, cool, cool, cool.
Kevin: Can't wait to hear how you play in your games.
Nama: Yeah, hey Kevin. Did anything happen with you this week?
Kevin: OK, you know what, before I get there, one last question.
Kevin: All right, what would you want to build?
Kevin: Like what is a deck or what, you know,
Kevin: tribe or character you want to build around?
Nama: - Well, from the ideals that I'm aware of,
Nama: from the general look of the game, is I like,
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: - Yeah.
Nama: I like probably blue.
Nama: I like how like fluid that gameplay can be,
Kevin: - Yeah.
Nama: like controlling your library and that.
Kevin: - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Nama: I really like the gameplay hook of in fact,
Nama: and that comes with black, I think.
Kevin: - Yeah.
Kevin: - Yeah, it does, I think.
Nama: It works their wise, like the characters that appear,
Nama: not just Avatar, but in general,
Nama: I like kind of like the vibes that white has
Nama: and the vibes that green have.
Nama: So basically anything but red.
Kevin: them. Yeah. Okay, good stuff. Um, I don't know, I want to build the
Kevin: deck around Boomi. I don't know what he does, but I'll
Kevin: look in Boomi. So yeah, I'm talking about avatar.
Nama: Oh sure. Well, if we're talking about avatar, then I want to build a yeah, boomy, earth benders.
Nama: Um, yeah, earth bending or airbending have always been my favorite, um, uh, elements.
Kevin: - Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: - Huh, okay, good stuff.
Kevin: Okay, now, all right, it's over folks.
Kevin: I'm taking the mic and this is it, ladies and gentlemen.
Kevin: Some people, you know, measure the world events
Kevin: or, you know, history by world events and whatnot.
Kevin: I'm measuring history by the post-Kirby Air Writers era
Kevin: and we're here, this is it.
Kevin: I have played the Kirby.
Kevin: I actually didn't play until yesterday, I'm trying to record him because I was just so busy.
Kevin: Oh, I got, I think it was at least two, three hours and a little today and I'll probably
Nama: Hopefully you fit like a six hour session and I would assume.
Nama: That's good.
Kevin: play right after, anyways, okay, so first off, I picked up the game because of course
Kevin: so they haven't had this with you yet.
Kevin: I'm going to plan count on two gears, but which really funny is later, a couple of days later, just yesterday again actually, I went to Costco to pick up some stuff and Tom went with me and to start, I jokingly told him, okay, hey, we're going to stop by Walmart so I can pick up another copy of Kirby AirRiders because I just love the game that much, you know, just joking around, but then we got to Costco.
Kevin: I saw the, sorry, I saw the game at a cheaper price, only five bucks, but I ended up with another copy of Kirby AirRiders anyways, yeah, so, yeah, that's, it was, oh yeah, I bought it, but I opened that one, but I mean, I Costco doing great things as always, anyways, okay, oh, okay, I'll tell you my first, the first reaction, let's go chronological.
Nama: Let's go.
Kevin: Before the game even came out, before the game even released in the States, I was already seeing the art or the, the air ride customization on the, on Twitter, do you know what I'm talking about? I've shared some, yeah, yeah, so for people who don't know, the air ride machines, the vehicles, you can customize them, but they'll, you know, colors and decals and accessories, yada, yada, yada, and it has essentially become a new art medium, because,
Nama: - Yeah, oh yeah, I was following as you were posting about it.
Kevin: before, day one, again, before it even hit the States, I saw somebody had already created a coyoga as an air ride machine, and you know, there's a lot of Pokemon, there's just all sorts of things, I just, whatever you can think of, somebody has probably made it. Lots of, uh, the animes and other characters and just pretty pieces of art, it's incredible, it is, it is quite seriously an art medium at this point, the creativity.
Nama: They work so fast, you know, like it you almost feel like they had like notes going in like I'm gonna be able to design my
Kevin: They do. Yeah, they were thinking. Yeah, yeah, um, and of course, with, as with equals speed, as with, as art goes, the degeneracy also broke out. Um, Kawasaki with the microkini is, is the number one popular air ride machine, like just period, Nintendo is already trying to crack down on it, but it's out there,
Nama: Star here's what it's gonna look like
Nama: I'm sure I'm sure.
Kevin: shouldn't it still, it's hard to contain that. That's a, that's a heavy game of black and more. Yeah, it's the same thing at the stages, that's correct. Um, oh, yeah, but there's, I've, I've seen, I went through the, I spent like an hour just going through the different, uh, ones I could see and, and there, there's masterpieces out there. There's, um, Jerry from Tom and Jerry, I've seen,
Nama: They're like soccer. Why did you let them customize? Why happened with the stages
Nama: too and we couldn't do anything to stop it?
Kevin: um, lots of Simpsons, um, there's, uh, Brock from Pokemon. That was a good clever one. Um, the, there's a star club wagon starts very box shaped. So, uh, and it looks kind of like a Chinese delivery food sort of, but then, um, so that one gets a lot of play people turn it into an Amazon prime box into a game cube. Um, et cetera, et cetera. Anyways, yeah, yeah, masterful, masterful work out there. Um, I haven't made one of my
Nama: Cool, love that.
Kevin: things off, but I, I get a lot of fun just looking through it all. Um, okay. Now for the game. Now that I've actually played it. Okay. Oh, oh boy. Where do I begin? Uh, first one. Okay. It's fantastic. It's amazing. It's delivering everything I want. Let's say that there's no, I have no complaints. Um, the only thing that comes close to a complaint that is different. The speed of the game compared to the first one is at least doubled.
Nama: Okay, so speed of the game is in like the speed of your movement or the speed of like load times and stuff.
Kevin: the speed of the movement, the vehicles, right?
Kevin: 'Cause this is a racer, so when I'm talking about speed
Kevin: and talking about the speed of your vehicles.
Kevin: Yeah, it is at least double.
Kevin: I would, it feels at least double from the original.
Nama: Wow, we call that the F0G X effect.
Kevin: Yeah, basically, right?
Kevin: It's not, and here's the thing, Kirby outright,
Kevin: I get by comparison to other racers was a slower game.
Kevin: So it's not like it's absurdly fast,
Kevin: like not unplayably fed.
Kevin: It does feel a lot more chaotic.
Kevin: You also have six racers. The original only had four at a time.
Kevin: So with all the enemies flying by the powers and the copy abilities, all that stuff.
Kevin: The races feel a lot more frantic and chaotic.
Kevin: Especially in the city trial mode where you race around a city trying to collect power-ups for a game at the end.
Kevin: uh... in the original game that was a very
Kevin: but like you could be very deliberate i'm gonna go over to this area to this
Kevin: part of the city to try to look for something to go here there I got you could
Kevin: think and plan what you're trying to do
Kevin: in this one oh my goodness it's just non-stop barrage of all there's stuff's
Kevin: falling all over there's enemies everywhere
Kevin: uh... it's it's just pure chaos
Kevin: and again it's not bad it's still very quality i'm enjoying it but it is
Kevin: different. Um, yeah, um, so,
Kevin: it's not, I don't think it's to an extreme degree, but I'm also biased, you know,
Kevin: I was like, my fundamentals from the first game still are there. I, you know,
Kevin: so, so I, uh, maybe that makes it easier to digest. I, I'd say that, you know,
Kevin: um, I'd probably need the opinions of maybe someone else who doesn't love the
Kevin: game as much as I do. Um, yeah.
Nama: So you know how you play you jump from like melee to brawl and that can it's essentially the same game, but it controls way different, and then you jump from brawl to smash for, and that's different, and then smash for to ultimate is similar, but still different, is is is is Kirby air writer to air writers similar jump or is it like a is it is a closer to what?
Kevin: Mm-hmm.
Kevin: Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Kevin: Yeah. That's correct.
Kevin: Uh, it, I feel it's not that far of a jump, um,
Kevin: because there's, in the, in the different smash games, it feels like there's a lot more knobs
Kevin: in variables that turn right.
Kevin: I'm trying to think I feel like I'm Mario Kart comparison would be better.
Kevin: I'm trying to think it might be I actually think maybe
Kevin: from eight to world, like yeah, right? Like it's
Kevin: it's different not inherently worse, but it's just you know,
Kevin: you can feel that difference. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So
Nama: Yeah, you notice a couple of things, but those fundamentals that you're describing are definitely
Kevin: that's that is yeah. So the game play itself is in my
Kevin: opinion. It's fine. Yeah, it's and it's good. One that
Kevin: interesting thing or okay, it's Masahiro Sakurai and it's got
Kevin: Masahiro Sakurai's fingerprints all over. I say that, but
Kevin: actually Kirby, the first Kirby air ride is really where a lot of
Kevin: his things began. The checklist to unlock everything kind of
Kevin: the menu layouts, the design he goes for. When you win the race,
Kevin: that is just a smash victory screen. It has, you know, all the
Kevin: contestants on the side and even has that kind of
Kevin: of like shadowy color after effect. Yeah, it's it's it's a soccer I
Kevin: game through and through, including unlocking everything. You start off with two
Nama: [laughing]
Kevin: or three machines and four characters and there's 20 characters total and
Kevin: probably roughly the same amount of vehicles. So I haven't even got to touch
Kevin: everything, all the new characters and whatnot. All the courses from the original
Kevin: back in I'm on launch I don't lock those two at
Kevin: et cetera et cetera yeah it's it's so much
Kevin: there's as soccer I does so much content and of course then there's all the
Kevin: cosmetic nonsense because not only can you do all the aforementioned you know
Kevin: modifications to your vehicles you can also get hats for all the
Kevin: characters get get colors in different skits for your characters it's it's
Kevin: It's a deep wall and I'm very very excited and happy to go through you know to dig through it and find all the gems I can
Nama: that's really cool. So what is the, like, I'm going to ask about the gameplay loop, but I'm also interested
Nama: in, like, are you playing more, like, single player stuff, local multiplayer, online multiplayer,
Kevin: Okay, sure. So I haven't played online at all. I've played with my siblings. So it's been primarily local multiplayer. But I can, you know, compare, going back to the original, like the experience of playing single player versus multiplayer isn't that terribly different, I'll say.
Nama: like, how is the online multiplayer? What can you speak to the, to the, to the playing experience?
Kevin: It's, again, Mario.
Kevin: I mean, you are competing, but it's moving so fast, like, you know, you can't focus in on someone or whatever.
Nama: Yeah, well, can I interrupt for a soon?
Nama: Is it like a racer like you're making laps or you're I always thought that you were on these vehicles, but you were like fighting each other
Kevin: Yes. Yes.
Kevin: No. No. Okay. So there are three modes. The first is air ride mode, which is your standard racer doing laps around a course.
Nama: Okay
Kevin: The standard is only two laps, and because of the speed these things, you're done in a race in under five minutes, probably.
Nama: Okay.
Kevin: Actually, yeah, I'd say under three minutes on average, because they show you the time when you finish.
Kevin: So you're doing laps around a course. So it, you know, your standard Mario Kart sort of experience just very fast.
Kevin: The second mode is called top mode.
Kevin: It is still racer doing laps, but it is, as the implies, like a top-down view.
Kevin: You see the entire course.
Kevin: All the little racers are basically many racers on the course, and everyone's just racing off one screen.
Kevin: The control scheme is a little different.
Kevin: Basically, if you tilt the control stick moves, you turn in the direction of your control stick.
Nama: Mm-hmm.
Kevin: It's a little hard to describe, but it's just left right, like, you're going up, down, left, right, and all directions, because you're doing this top-down view.
Kevin: Those are even, well, those courses are short, because you're, you know, you're fitting everything on one screen, but you're doing five to eight laps of each one.
Kevin: That one is probably the least popular or memorable mode, and it's still enjoyable.
Kevin: Well, just, I'm the other one, just, I just have sunk so much more time in historically when the first one.
Nama: Yeah, no, I follow that. I've heard of this one.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: Oh, and one thing I should say for all the modes, one of the big differentiators, everything accelerates automatically.
Kevin: Yeah, so you are, it's a very simple game where everything accelerates, and you have a drift/boost, because it does both at the same time.
Nama: Yeah, I know that it's like one button.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, that's the intent.
Kevin: Yeah, and it works great in my opinion.
Kevin: Anyways, going back to the third mode. It's called City Trial.
Kevin: This, yeah.
Nama: Yeah, this one I know about. I've watched videos.
Kevin: Oh, there you go, right?
Kevin: You're running around a city area, trying to collect buffs for a game at the end.
Kevin: Like a mini game type thing.
Kevin: And it can be all sorts of things.
Kevin: Like I said, it's very, very chaotic with everything going on.
Kevin: the like forget how many people it can be up to 20 that might be online only
Kevin: I don't know it's a ridiculous amount of racers and events going on and abilities
Kevin: insanely and insanely fun prob I don't know if it might be my favorite vote from the original
Kevin: but yeah it's enjoyable and yeah and those these three are your bread and butter you're just
Kevin: going through it trying to get all the check boxes on the grid to unlock everything and you know
Kevin: cosmetics whatnot better times etc etc I haven't hit the online
Kevin: so you know all the modes so I can't speak to that experience yet but I mean gameplay
Kevin: as it's you know gonna be the same thing so oh yeah yeah
Nama: Well, my last question is, you said it's six people, six players, is that all on the couch?
Nama: Like, can you give people six controllers and they can do this? Or is it just up to four?
Kevin: oh that's uh I'm guessing it's up to four because when you go to the character select screen
Nama: Okay. Gotcha.
Kevin: you see four slots, or you know the player 1, 2, 3, 4.
Kevin: spots. Yeah, I don't think locally you can go more than four, but yeah, but yeah, that's
Nama: Yeah. Okay. I was just curious.
Kevin: that's Kirby Airlines. I love it to death. It's lived up. I'm so happy it exists.
Kevin: And oh, you know what? There's a single player. There's a campaign. I haven't even
Kevin: touched or looked at that yet. I forgot about that. But yeah, that's there, too.
Nama: that's great. Well, I've got it on hold at the library when my cop becomes in I'll try to hit you up and will roll around at the speed of sound.
Kevin: - Yeah.
Kevin: out. Yep. Great. We can chat about all the deep cut characters have added. Okay. Okay.
Kevin: That is, that is good. That is Kirby Air Ride. Alright. Let's get into the news. Alright.
Kevin: Starting off with ever Dream Valley. We are hit village. Excuse me. Oh my gosh. Look,
Nama: Every dream village
Kevin: In this, this space.
Kevin: This is the internet gamer sphere, that's correct, and you know, statistically, wait, wait, what?
Nama: It all blends together after a while.
Kevin: Oh, yeah, oh, that's why I'm so confused, 'cause, um, yeah, everything valley is a thing, yes,
Kevin: erring village is the other game, yes, that's why I got, you got thrown off, yes, okay, 'cause
Nama: Okay, this is a follow up.
Kevin: everything valley is a thing, I'm not crazy, I believe so, yes, um, yeah, okay.
Kevin: Well, anyways, we're hitting early axis with this one, December 12th, it is, we're in a Western
Kevin: lookin' type town environment, which I am a fan of, we all know this, um, you got horses,
Kevin: alpacas, sheepdog, um, yeah, it looks, oh, sailing, there's water and boat, um, yeah, there's
Nama: It's kind of, I'm not going to compare it directly to Animal Crossing, New Horizons, but in the
Nama: same way that it's like, "Oh, you're on an island, make it into the environment that you're
Nama: familiar with with villagers and shops and all that." This is like, "Okay, you're in the West,
Nama: make it into an environment that...
Kevin: Mm-hmm
Kevin: Yeah, that sounds about right
Kevin: Which yeah, I mean in cottage court feels like there's two or three over our king archetypes and yeah, that is one of them like the
Kevin: Turnbarian wasteland into oh, you know a town or whatever. So yeah, you're not wrong
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Which you know it looks I like I said, I think it actually looks nice where we're doing full 3d here
Kevin: That's always nice to see
Kevin: You there's cows and donkeys, you know, I'm partial to this but at the same time, you know
Kevin: You're gonna hang a compete with pokopia
Nama: Yeah, you compete by coming out five months beforehand.
Kevin: I'm sorry
Kevin: There you go. That's the way to do it
Nama: They said we gotta publish it right now.
Kevin: Yeah, but it's only EA so who knows what?
Kevin: We'll release date, but I imagine that's question marks right now on. There's a trailer check it out
Kevin: The designs are cute. I'll see that for the animals. I like them
Kevin: um
Kevin: Oh god, so I got that
Kevin: Next up we have outbound
Kevin: Oh my gosh, this is the crazy
Kevin: camper, but you build a whole house cabin structure on top of it
Nama: Oh, I remember seeing something about that.
Kevin: Yeah, which is a wild wild mechanic. It's I find it very amusing slash entertaining
Kevin: But the big announcement coming officially to switch and switch to
Kevin: Presumably at the same time as the
Kevin: Steam version, which is slated for Q2 2026 as of right now
Kevin: Yeah, I don't know I'm in I'm I'm intrigued
Kevin: by this game right because that whole idea of building a car or you know a
Kevin: structure on a car and I wonder if it's gonna like impact your driving and whatnot I'm
Kevin: just looking forward to it looks very very entertaining again that that
Kevin: Kirby Air Writer-esque like what nonsense are people gonna come up with I'm very
Kevin: interested.
Nama: I wonder if there's gonna be like a switch to upgrade
Nama: or if it's just like, well, it's on switch one,
Nama: air go, it is on.
Kevin: That's an interesting question. Have we really seen that from a third-party developer yet like switch to exclusive for you?
Nama: How Silk Song has a Switch 2 upgrade?
Kevin: Oh, it does. What's the upgrade?
Nama: I'd just like better, like runs better.
Nama: I don't think it has any extra content or anything like that.
Kevin: Well sure I mean, but I think all games do that by default, right? If they are on switch
Nama: Well, here's the thing is if you're running, let's say Mario Kart 8 Deluxe on the Switch 2,
Nama: it will load faster, but it will not necessarily look better.
Kevin: Hmm, okay.
Nama: It's a more efficient machine, so it's going to play the games more efficiently,
Nama: but that's not to say that it has been enhanced or optimized or meticulously crafted to work the best it can on Switch 2.
Nama: The Silk Song Switch 2 Edition has 120 FPS, it has, I think it can go up to 4K.
Nama: It is a dedicated Switch 2 edition, so not necessarily something that outbound is interested in.
Nama: I just wonder if there will be one or not.
Kevin: Yeah. Yeah, I don't know. I don't think I see anything specific about that. So who knows
Kevin: question marks for now. Um, but, but I mean, it's caught it. You know, as so many
Kevin: college core games aim or, or are requested to come to switch because, you know, that's
Kevin: the demographics line up there. Um, so. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think they already had PlayStation
Nama: Yeah, no, it's great that they got got it working on council
Kevin: next box version is cooking so I guess that means it's coming to
Kevin: everything which is cool. Speaking of things that are coming to
Kevin: switch and well I guess it was already on there but it's coming again this time in
Kevin: the real world, Moonstone Island, a well-known game that I enjoyed question mark. Monster
Kevin: collector farming island hopping game where yeah coming to switch physically we are getting
Kevin: looking at it. Oh it's a physical edition. It is one of those limited run-type games
Kevin: or its limited stock. It's at super rare games which again a lot of cottagecore games also
Kevin: tend to gravitate to. Yeah that's cool if you want it for your shelf or whatever. You know
Kevin: one thing I will say it's always interesting to see what is the box are going to look
Kevin: quite great because we have images of the
Kevin: game already or with a promotion of how they're going to
Kevin: align it. And it looks nice. I like the
Kevin: I mean, it's a game I played to completion, which is something
Kevin: and they've done lots of DLC. I still have a couple of
Kevin: hiccups, but it's, you know, I will recommend it. I'll see that.
Kevin: Yeah, it's Moonstone Island.
Nama: It's all on the cart as well. There's no, yeah.
Kevin: He card whatever nonsense, I guess.
Kevin: I was thinking about it, but I feel like...
Kevin: I still don't understand, I mean, I have to say it, but yeah.
Nama: The game key cards is what they're called.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Nama: I need to listen to that episode, it's in my queue,
Kevin: Yeah.
Nama: but apparently there was a hole to do about that
Kevin: Oh, wait, hold the phones.
Kevin: 50 bucks, you as D to get that physical hurt?
Nama: Well, it costs a lot to print the cartridge.
Kevin: Ooh.
Kevin: I'm...
Kevin: I don't think it's that much on Switch.
Nama: They're not going to make a lot of them, so they have to charge for the difference.
Kevin: You got a root.
Kevin: I guess so.
Kevin: It's out now if you want to go look at it, but oh, I mean, I like it.
Kevin: Well, I got that much.
Kevin: All right.
Kevin: So there.
Kevin: So again, that's out now already on Switch.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: Next up, we are.
Kevin: It's over Magica.
Kevin: This is game with lots of round things.
Kevin: It's kind of like a slime version.
Kevin: We got monsters, monster, collector-y type thing.
Kevin: Anyways, so we're getting.
Kevin: This is interesting.
Kevin: I don't think we've seen this that frequently in the college course
Kevin: space.
Kevin: A limited beta.
Kevin: Oh, you're saying early December, we get a 1.0 beta test.
Kevin: And obviously at this point, it's not coming this year.
Kevin: be the proper 1.0.
Kevin: But yeah, you can join there's a discord and you have to actually apply
Kevin: To get in which is something
Kevin: Interesting like so. I don't think we see that in
Kevin: Encodged course space you see that for like big game stuff, but huh?
Kevin: Anyways, um, but yeah, the 1.0 is not dropping out this year
Kevin: um, and I don't think they have a Oh, yeah
Nama: It looks like another, sorry, it looks like another monster collector.
Kevin: Yeah, it is with everything kind of round like a slime bubble sort of design
Kevin: And I think it can like fuse them and breed them together, which is interesting
Kevin: um, I might check it out because I think like the breeding fusion aspect is always an interesting one or adds a lot to monster collectors
Kevin: So it may be worth investigating or looking at but yeah
Kevin: Yeah, that's uh, I'm sorry. I was just skimming or
Kevin: scanning trying to see. There's no alternate target window or date from what I see, so
Kevin: CBA I guess wouldn't know I'll come out, but not this year anymore. Yeah, all right
Kevin: Next up
Kevin: Disney oh my goodness. Sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. No Disney dream. I valley
Nama: [laughing]
Kevin: I believe Cody and I talked about this the horse update is out now
Kevin: Which is
Kevin: Hey, there's fun horses in Disney.
Kevin: I like Maximus, Milan's horse is cool.
Nama: What are you? I have something to say about this, but I'll let us go through the news first.
Kevin: Yeah, now go ahead, go ahead.
Kevin: Well, I mean, it's just out now, right?
Kevin: The big one, or I guess, yeah,
Kevin: 'cause it's Disney dream, I value it.
Kevin: They come out these updates frequently, yada, yada.
Kevin: The biggest thing I would say is there's another version
Kevin: the game and oh my gosh I'll
Kevin: world's right he wrote the words in his notes kill me now and he's correct
Kevin: because that like great table or graphic of all the versions is just getting
Nama: [laughing]
Kevin: larger and oh it's okay what are your thoughts tell me whatever you want tell
Nama: Yeah. On the charter, the, on whatever. Yeah. Okay, well, what do you know about Disney horses?
Kevin: me did yeah um let's see I like Maximus he probably he's probably my
Kevin: favorite of them. Milantors is quite on your
Kevin: name of Milantors. Pegasus is out there of course. Pegasus is a good one. I'm
Kevin: trying to remember any other ones off the top of my head but not not really I'm
Kevin: really coming to mind. I guess maybe if we want to you know get
Nama: I've just sent, I'll go ahead.
Kevin: this dink. Pixar, you know, Meredith has her horse. But anyways, anyways, okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Nama: Yeah, I think that one counts. I think it does count. I'm sending Kevin a link in our chat.
Nama: This is where my library and knowledge comes in. They have started a brand and like a novel series
Nama: called Disney Horsetail Hollow and this is relatively recent, but it's a bunch. It's a series of
Nama: books where a Disney horse comes from.
Nama: The fictional Disney movie into the quote unquote real world and these these two sisters have to care for the Disney horse on their real world ranch and there's like a mystery and there's four books in the series since 2022.
Kevin: Okay, I love this concept. Actually, that's great. That's so specific, but great to leap. I could ever get fully. Please, a great one.
Nama: Yeah, yeah. The four horses that they've published.
Nama: to book on so far is Maximus. You know what movie that's from Kevin.
Kevin: Of course, my favorite Disney princess movie, Tangle.
Nama: Oh, yes, we agree. That's the best one.
Kevin: Oh yeah.
Nama: And then you've got Angus. Can you name the movie and guess this from?
Kevin: That's Mulan.
Nama: No, no.
Kevin: No, no, no, no, Angus, duh! Oh my gosh, idiot, that's brave, isn't it?
Nama: Yep, that's brave. That's why I said it counted.
Kevin: 'Cause it's Scottish. Yeah, yeah.
Kevin: It looks like Mulan's horse, but yeah, no duh.
Nama: Yeah, and then Philippe is from.
Kevin: Beauty and the Beast, of course, that he, he say, he literally is a critical part of the plot.
Kevin: because it goes back to war, you know,
Nama: Yeah. Yeah. The movie doesn't work without Felipe. And then finally, the most recent
Kevin: Bell and all that. It's a critical pop.
Nama: book is about that wonderful Disney horse Samson. Can you name which movie Samson is from?
Kevin: Okay, no, I don't know this one. I don't know it. What does Samson tell me?
Nama: I had to look it up. Yes, it's a good job. It's from Sleeping Beauty, the horse from Sleeping
Kevin: Is it is it Prince Philip's horse?
Kevin: Oh my gosh
Kevin: Wow, that's there that my white that horse doesn't do anything
Nama: So, I'm thinking, what other books are going to be in the series?
Nama: And I guess Mulan's horse is a shoe and a horse shoe.
Nama: [laugh]
Kevin: Question then the real one is are they going to do Pegasus?
Nama: That's a good question, I'm going to say yes, right?
Nama: They've got to be, there can't be that many.
Kevin: I am too.
Nama: Oh, here's another question, right?
Kevin: Yeah.
Nama: "Does Bullseye count?"
Kevin: Okay, both I don't think is getting the book, but.
Nama: I don't think Bullseye is a Disney horse.
Kevin: Yeah, but bullseye might come to Disney dream like Valley.
Kevin: I don't know.
Nama: Yeah, yeah, there are Toy Story characters in Dream My Valley.
Kevin: Okay, what about Horace?
Nama: Which one's Horace?
Kevin: Do you know?
Kevin: Okay, Dino.
Nama: Oh, is Horace from Ichabod?
Nama: What about the Ichabod horse?
Kevin: No, no, it's Horace.
Kevin: Oh, wait, hold on, hold on, it's Horace, a horse.
Kevin: I thought he was.
Kevin: He might be a cow actually.
Nama: Oh, the free-- I'm looking at him now.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, it's Horace, Horace, call it.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay.
Kevin: Yeah, one of the like, yeah, one of the D tier,
Nama: This is Clara Bell's friend.
Kevin: Mickey and friend characters.
Nama: Yeah.
Nama: Oh, I'm-- Horror's ain't getting in here.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, no, yeah, he does.
Nama: Horror's walks on two feet.
Nama: He's not allowed.
Kevin: He's not getting into the game in any curve circumstances.
Nama: Yep.
Kevin: Okay, all right, you know what?
Kevin: Okay, but side, this is great.
Kevin: I appreciate this is fun.
Nama: Yeah.
Kevin: Okay, but side tangent.
Kevin: I don't know how big of a Disney fan you are in general,
Kevin: but did you read the kingdom keepers?
Nama: No, but I've seen them around shelving them. Um, let me pull this up. King the keepers
Kevin: Yeah, I read one and I was on board with it.
Nama: Wow
Kevin: I read it.
Nama: Look at all these you know what's what what kind of got big was the villain books
Kevin: Yeah, I did.
Nama: Those are after our time, but they're they're like
Kevin: Mm.
Nama: Like what if something went wrong with the Disney movie and then the villain one or the villain was the main character
Nama: Something like that. It's a little bit like that
Kevin: hmm I remember it this was in my class but in high school um we do there were some classes that
Kevin: did mock trials or whatever and there was one teacher who's did mock trials but you're defending
Kevin: disney villains um putting the disney villains on trial and you know what allows disney villains
Kevin: they're they're not that wrong that you you can make an argument if you
Kevin: did scar did all right all things considered the the the drought the famine wasn't entirely
Kevin: his fault and and he kept that pride alive well yeah okay but he kept the pride alive yeah okay
Nama: Kevin, Kevin, he murdered a man.
Nama: That's called, it's called Regiside.
Kevin: true true but um yeah he is he is but yeah okay all right all right all right all right you know
Nama: And for that, he is guilty.
Nama: Guilty.
Nama: As a king, he was, he was past.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: You're right.
Kevin: Look, he kept it together.
Kevin: Okay, fine.
Kevin: Fine.
Kevin: Okay.
Kevin: You know the one who absolutely gets a pass?
Nama: I have one in my head.
Kevin: Gaston.
Nama: Oh, Gaston, okay, yes, sure.
Kevin: If you think about it from his POV, like yeah, there's this crazy monster out there and
Kevin: Bellwood missing and you know what?
Kevin: He's not irrational in my opinion.
Nama: Um, uh, you know, aristocrats, he the butler is his crime is he tried to transport cats
Kevin: What's yours?
Kevin: All right.
Kevin: Tell me.
Kevin: Wow.
Kevin: Wow!
Kevin: Okay, I know it. Just how are you gonna defend this guy? Tell me. The Butler guy.
Nama: from point A to point B so that so that the old woman that he's been serving for 40 years
Nama: his entire career has left the entire
Nama: entire fortune to cats. What are they going to do with the money? That guy, that guy is just trying to get paid. He's a big cartoon character and you're ready to watch him fail because he's not very likable but.
Kevin: That's a good point
Kevin: Yeah, you know what? Yeah
Kevin: Yeah, he's very over the top like mustache twirly, but you're right. You're right the logic is sound
Nama: But they really, they really isn't a crime other than he took my cat like that's just called theft. It's.
Nama: not, it's not called kidnapping, maybe cat napping, but that's that's my case. That's who I bring.
Kevin: - You know what, Ursula, shady business dealings,
Kevin: but that's politics, right?
Kevin: Like (laughs)
Nama: My favorite line and little mermaid too is when they're like, it's Ursula's crazy sister and you're like, wow, what was Ursula then?
Kevin: Yeah, okay, okay, that's Disney dream like Valley.
Nama: Anyway, yeah, that's your pocket of Disney from from two Disney nerds
Kevin: Yup, yup, there you go.
Kevin: Okay, yeah, the horses Disney dream.
Kevin: And Cruella to start the glue factory.
Kevin: Yeah, okay, oh my goodness.
Kevin: All right, I'm not surprised by the next one
Kevin: and yet I'm surprised.
Kevin: Um, Among Us cross Stardew Valley.
Kevin: Um, yeah, it's, it's in Among Us, they, they get farmer costumes, there's a June, June
Kevin: amount of accessory, they get to dress up, let's see who else Abigail, um, all sorts of accessories,
Kevin: Lewis stuff.
Kevin: Wow, this is actually a pretty, um, large, uh, list of cosmetics.
Nama: It's very substantial.
Kevin: Yeah.
Kevin: Bastion Mr. Illinus. Yeah.
Kevin: There's a lot of stuff. Um, yeah. I mean, it's among us, right? We all know the game and the game hasn't changed. They're not far on the Mungus, but that's a lot of, um, lot of cars over stuff you get there. That's cute. I applied among us since COVID.
Nama: How much does it how much does it cost Kevin? How much does this does this costume pack cost?
Kevin: It's free. I think all their cars are free. The games three dollars right now. If you bite through steam.
Nama: Now still
Kevin: [laughing]
Nama: Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, it's cool
Nama: It'd be it'd be nice if there was like a map to play on but I mean, I get it like
Kevin: That would be good. Oh, I'm a murder on the farm Oh, that's good
Nama: Can you met like well murder on the farm, but then you all of your tasks is like
Nama: mining, chopping down the trees, and finding eggs, it'd be cool to play on that map.
Kevin: Yeah
Nama: Fishing, you know?
Kevin: Yeah, oh, that'd be good. Oh, have they ever done a crossover map? I don't think they have, but that's a good idea. I like the way you're thinking
Nama: This would have been the one to do it with, but that's fine.
Kevin: Yeah, it would be that's yeah
Nama: Well, we'll pitch it to them.
Nama: They'll listen to this when it comes out and we're like, "Oh, we'll just do that."
Kevin: Yeah
Kevin: Yeah, yeah
Kevin: Yeah, Sebastian's bangs hat. Okay. I'm kind of surprised. They don't have
Kevin: Robus or Crocus would ever get his name the shadowy creature fella. Um, that
Nama: Yeah, you're right that's okay. We'll just be very comfortable with Grandpa's night cap hat
Kevin: Feels like he would have fit him perfect, but no, he's not in there. Um,
Kevin: There you go. Okay, my wife didn't make it in. It's our layer. Oh
Kevin: Okay, next up my time at Santa rock we have
Kevin: Hey, wait. No, I'm okay. Wait. Am I crossing stories? I think I'm crossing stories. Um, what on earth?
Nama: It's a new merch for a story of seasons.
Kevin: Did I
Kevin: Oh, I skipped a story. That's yeah, I skipped. I
Nama: Yeah.
Kevin: We are getting to plushie stories. I got my wires crossed here
Nama: [laughs]
Kevin: First up story of seasons. Yes
Kevin: Okay
Kevin: We're getting the cow plush
Kevin: First of all, what do you mean? We haven't had it before. You can't buy one right now. What is that? That's wild
Kevin: Second of all, it's through makeshift.
Kevin: That's a limited time run, generally speaking, launches November 28th right after Thanksgiving or whatever I guess.
Kevin: It's a fantastic plush because that's the best cow ever made or designed.
Kevin: But I just wish it wasn't makeshift because this should just be always available.
Kevin: This feels like a huge wasted potential to just not be selling it forever from whatever story of seasons.
Kevin: That is a sizable franchise.
Nama: - Yeah, it's not small.
Kevin: They could probably scrape up the money to just make a proper release of a plush you can buy on a website.
Kevin: That isn't limited time.
Kevin: Okay, that's mind-boggling, but it's coming.
Kevin: Well, by the time it's actually I think the day of, when the day is the day of, no, it's like two days after.
Kevin: This releases, yeah, the tuning in.
Kevin: Anyways, it's coming.
Kevin: It's a good plush, I'll say that again, but I'm just mind-boggled.
Kevin: That one, it's not already available in two that's through makeshift, but there you go.
Kevin: I still might get one.
Kevin: I just love that cow, it's so much.
Nama: It's a real good design.
Kevin: Yep.
Kevin: Alright, next up we have, again, another plush I got confused.
Kevin: I was looking at my listing correctly.
Kevin: Okay, I was confused because the other, no, no, that was a plush guy, but X not, not formerly Twitter X, but it's literally called X.
Kevin: My time at Sandrock, they're releasing an X plushie X is a bird character, Dr. Fang's loyal sidekick.
Kevin: I don't know who this is, but it's a ping, it's not a ping, it's a bird with an orange beak.
Kevin: And it comes.
Kevin: Yeah, right. And thank you. That's the word. That's the one. Yeah. It comes to the hood. That's removable. That's very cool. That's very, very cool.
Kevin: Also on make ship.
Kevin: Which means, let's see. Oh, you can already get this one. This one, it's already fully funded. It's only available until December 13th. Ships April 17th.
Kevin: um the bubble cow plushie eyes. I don't know if that one's gonna
Kevin: also have a you know needs X amounts of salt to get funded but I don't think
Kevin: that's going to be an issue for the the cow but but it just feels weird you know
Kevin: that it's still the go through those hoops but anyways but yeah X plushie it's a
Kevin: good plush I'll say that the eyes looks good the beaks and their movable scarf
Kevin: or head gear they hood that's the work that's very cool I like that a lot okay so
Kevin: So that's it, we got that.
Kevin: Now, let's see. Next up we have new games.
Kevin: That's all updates and stuff.
Kevin: Let's talk about one new game specifically.
Kevin: It is called four leaf fields.
Kevin: Um, oh my gosh.
Kevin: First of all, these are, okay, I like the concept we're forming,
Kevin: but they're really, really giant.
Kevin: Everything's giant around you.
Kevin: It's a, oh, well, yeah.
Nama: Yeah, you are small.
Kevin: You are what's what was that name of the
Kevin: Oh gosh the...
Kevin: "Honey, I shrunk the kids' game that came out recently. I can't remember. I can't remember."
Nama: Oh, I don't know. I'm thinking more like Zelda minish cap.
Kevin: I say, yeah, that's another one. I forget. Anyways, oh gosh, I cannot remember. Anyways,
Kevin: yeah, I can't remember. But anyways, so yeah, it's all the miniscaps, another good point,
Kevin: or reference point, because you have houses, there's houses where everything's proportional to you,
Kevin: then there's somebody lives in a, you know, shoe, and you're growing giant crops, or at least
Kevin: giant for you, and there's ladybugs moving around because they're your size and so on and so forth.
Kevin: They're like, I'm guessing that's like your livestock, it looks like.
Nama: Yeah, so like one thing that we can describe, there's you're like holding a seed that's like
Nama: the size of a football and then it grows and do a carrot that's the size of like a it would be
Nama: a normal carrot to to you as a play as a human being, but your character is like chopping it up
Nama: into a bunch of tiny little carrots that you can actually like have and hold.
Nama: It is... I gotta take it.
Nama: I love the art style. I love the setting of being in a small, like a small little borrower.
Kevin: Yeah
Nama: I wish listed this game. I gotta pay attention to this.
Kevin: Yeah, this one feels worthy. Let's see. Okay, the animals you can raise are mods bees butterflies and ladybugs
Kevin: So yeah, the bugs are your livestock with Jay Cody. Her ears ringing
Nama: That sounds like a Cody game.
Kevin: The setting is very cool. I agree the art style is good. It's it's you know 2d pixel, but it's detailed
Kevin: Doesn't feel started like it
Kevin: it really feels like minish cap it feels similar art style wise yeah of course
Kevin: you have a town so there's relationships and all that good stuff it's stories
Kevin: and secrets, they're gonna have multiplayer yeah online multiplayer there is you can
Kevin: question join a play test no idea when but no date announced or target or
Kevin: anything so just keep an eye out very very cool idea
Nama: Yeah. This was pretty much an announcement of the game with a pretty good concept trailer,
Nama: but they're just kind of like gathering interest until they are ready for an actual date.
Kevin: Yep. Yep. So yeah, very, very cool. Okay. That's four leaf fields. That's the name. I'm, I'm excited.
Nama: Oh, sorry. Did you mention the gossip system?
Kevin: I'm intrigued. I didn't read too close. I'd saw there is like a relationship town system.
Nama: Yeah, just well, the last time that I was on, um, I got really excited about like a social
Nama: skill tree and this is yet another social skill tree. And I'm like, oh, more stuff to
Nama: fill out by talking to people.
Kevin: Yeah, yeah, that because yeah, there's town ranks that you can unlock it is interesting to kind of
Kevin: System mafai, but yeah, there's your skill tree
Kevin: And it looks like oh
Kevin: If I were to guess it looks like maybe there's mechanics you can unlock through the tree on by socializing to people that's an interesting
Kevin: Approach because usually the mechanical you know farming stuff is very divorced
Kevin: From the social aspects, but if you have yeah, yeah, Oh, I like that a lot actually it combined them force force people force your force to talk to your neighbors
Nama: Yeah, maybe it's like people teaching you skills and like, you know,
Nama: studying under them and things like that.
Kevin: That's very cool
Kevin: Yeah, no, that looks good, and that's a good catch. I'm I'm intrigued
Kevin: That's four field before you know four leaf fields very excited for
Kevin: that very cool. Okay, so that's it. We've done the news. We've got a couple of
Kevin: tangents there but it's fine. It was worth it. The Disney Talk was good.
Nama: Yeah, I was fun
Kevin: All right, so all right, that's good. We don't... I'm gonna spare everyone. We'd like to say no
Kevin: main topic, but we had a hearty helping of news, so that's fine. All right, now I may
Kevin: thank you for coming on. Anything you want to plug or talk about share with the
Nama: hmm not especially a lot of you guys know where to find me if here's I don't want to out myself
Nama: I'm not currently in the harvest season slack from the patreon stuff so hopefully I can get over
Nama: there and talk to some of you guys about these episodes I've been on I've been really happy to be
Nama: brought on by Al to talk to Kevin so but otherwise if you have anything to tell me
Nama: like hey I really wish that you mentioned this Disney horse you can talk to me at blue sky at
Kevin: I just checked the slack because we got good stuff in there.
Kevin: As for me, find me at Goop Press wherever you go, if you're on X, a Twitter, excuse me,
Kevin: that's Twitter.
Kevin: If you're still on Twitter like me, okay, there's two things.
Kevin: Kirby AirRider, the machine is just everywhere.
Kevin: I've seen Digimon. I've seen an Omnima vehicle. It's so good. And to the free-run art meme.
Kevin: Do you know, do you know free-run the anime?
Nama: Oh, I know that it exists.
Kevin: Okay. So, I might be saying it wrong. I apologize. I think it's free-run.
Kevin: Okay, you know the main character is named free-run? I think the girl with the white hair.
Nama: Yeah
Kevin: Yeah. Okay. So, you looked up the meme, you looked it up.
Nama: Shai, I looked it up. I looked at the beam
Kevin: Okay. So, for people who don't know, not, I don't know, maybe, I don't think more than two weeks ago.
Kevin: Somebody, I believe it was originally read it, posted like, "Hi, I'm trying to learn how to draw from like this angle of like,
Kevin: Looking you're kind of under the person and they're looking up so you kind of like see their chin and
Kevin: they just, no one's picking on them but it is a very memorable looking fan art, let's
Kevin: just say that, I invite people to book it because I cannot do it justice and it has taken
Nama: Everybody's got to try.
Kevin: off on Twitter, there's two basic responses, one, people replicating the art with other characters
Kevin: because it's so amusing or two, like legit artists and stuff just like, hey, okay, this is awesome,
Kevin: So here's how you can actually improve on this angle, everybody.
Kevin: So it's just, and it's all fantastic, it's all great vibes and just what art is all about.
Kevin: Legit people, like I saw the creator of Chun Lee from Street Fighter, like drawing their version of the thing to explain how to do it better.
Kevin: It's just taken over Twitter and it's incredible.
Kevin: But yes, the original fan art is very goofy and amusing looking, but it's been put up next to the Sasuke fan art.
Kevin: Do you know that I'm talking about this?
Kevin: It's been put on the pedestal mix to that van art that's how much this is taken off
Nama: Oh, now I got to jog my, jog my memory.
Nama: Oh, okay, I have seen this one. I've seen it. I've seen it. Yeah.
Nama: That's great.
Nama: Immortalized.
Kevin: So yeah, go to my Twitter kind of if you want to see repose of either the free and art meme or the
Kevin: Kirby air-eyed vehicles because that's what's going on right now.
Kevin: You know who we are, we are the harvest season check out THS pod on tumblr and blue sky go to harvest he's not club for all your episode links feedback send us questions comments concerns all these we love we'd love to read them on the air and talk about them.
Kevin: them or I guess that
Kevin: the one guy on the was it bread it or the sound cloud or these are those two separate guys we got that we got we got people on those sites with you know that we know those
Kevin: champs or best of all in my opinion just because there's extra here patreon.com/thspond sign up give out a little money and you get a lot in return you get the green house
Kevin: Al and and not may here did an episode on avatar the last airbender no I'm sorry Ryan not have a tar James Cameron
Kevin: movies but that franchise I guess and there's there's much to be said probably I like I like King Boomey but go check that out patreon.com you also get access to the slack where people get to hang out and chat that place is popping shoutouts to cat she's just like one of the and and
Kevin: the climate, some of the people not from the other circles that not being a hanger.
Kevin: But hang out on there and very cool, very fun. Always very excited to see their comments, but shout out to all the other
Kevin: Usual people who I do know who are there on there. So go check it out. It's very fun. I posted I
Kevin: Listen to Nama's episodes and posted a 46 message thread on there and and no, I will not tell them I said there
Kevin: He has to go to find out good you sign up to find out
Nama: [laughing]
Kevin: But the dirt get the tea on Nama. Okay. Yeah, that's again harvest a private page
Kevin: on sash ths pod. Okay. All right. Thank you. No, I'm a for joining us. So once again,
Nama: You're very welcome. I hope to return other times. It's it's good vibes over
Kevin: you know, it's very good vibes. Um, thank you all for editing and, and somehow surviving all
Kevin: this, uh, even though you, you, you, you keep finding ways to prevent my next solo episode,
Kevin: but oh, I've got plans. Um, thank you dear listeners for listening to all this nonsense.
Nama: Have a good harvest!
Kevin: And, uh, until next time, have a good artist!
Theme Tune: The Harvest Season is created by Alma Henry, with support from our patrons, including our
Theme Tune: pro farmers, Kevin Stewart, Analisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Micah the Brave, and our music is done by Nick Burgess.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website, harvestseason.club for show notes, and links to things we discussed
Theme Tune: in this episode.
Kevin: I'm gonna play short. No, no, have a good air ride. Car me air ride. Go play is good. Oh
Nama: Down, down. It's okay. It's okay.
Kevin: Wait, wait, wait, wait, okay, my possibly my favorite meme a back to the future
Kevin: You know, you you assume you watch back to the future
Nama: I'm actually watching it right now. I mean, I've seen it before, but I've been watching it.
Kevin: Okay, okay, good. Okay. Good. All right. You know Marty after he does his
Kevin: guitar thing in the last scene at the after the dance, right? What does he say?
Nama: Yeah. Yep. Hey, I guess you guys aren't ready for that yet. Yep.
Kevin: You know I guess you guys were
Kevin: ready for that. But your kids will love it right? I saw somebody do that on Twitter cuz Kirby
Nama: Ah, yeah. I'd... Yeah. Yep. It's pretty good. It's pretty good.
Kevin: Air ride original had a fit is showing the 54 medic credit and now air riders with the 78.
Kevin: All right that's it. All right we're done. Peacein' out.
Nama: Bye.